update example (#10)
DevExpress-Examples/web-reporting-integrate-ai-assistant: README.md

}
```

> The `AIAssistantProvider.CreateUserAssistant` method creates an assistant using the provided PDF documentation (the *documentation.pdf* file) and prompt. See the [AIAssistantProvider.cs](./CS/ReportingApp/Services/AIAssistantProvider.cs) file for implementation details.

Reviewer: ``The `AIAssistantProvider.CreateUserAssistant` method creates an assistant using the provided PDF documentation (the *documentation.pdf* file) and prompt.``

1. We should update this line without using "provided". For my understanding, does the PDF file contain information ("instructions" for the AI) that tell the assistant how to answer?

2. By "prompt" are you talking about whatever the user enters in the AI Assistant prompt?

Author: ```suggestion
The `AIAssistantProvider.CreateUserAssistant` method creates an assistant using the *documentation.pdf* file ([end-user documentation for Web Reporting Controls](https://github.com/DevExpress/dotnet-eud) in the PDF format) and the specified prompt. See the [AIAssistantProvider.cs](./CS/ReportingApp/Services/AIAssistantProvider.cs) file for implementation details.
```

1 - The PDF file (*documentation.pdf*) contains end-user documentation - https://github.com/DevExpress/dotnet-eud. The AI assistant gives answers based on this file. The file is in this repository.
2 - No, this prompt is used to create the AI Assistant and contains instructions on how the AI Assistant should answer the user's questions.

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification. I like your new suggestion. Please apply it.
